Add notes for June 2020 (#53)
tc39/tc39-notes: meetings/2020-06/june-4.md

Which is I think the only sensible anchor among the primitives, but as for a spaceship operator I don’t see the necessity, because for sensible comparisons like number-to-number, like CM mentioned, subtraction is a sufficient implementation.

JHD: there is no way that I couldn’t see the spaceship operator to not work on numbers via subtraction. And we were very careful to show in the examples that it’s not -1, 0, or +1, it’s a negative number, 0, or a positive number, for exactly this reason.

WH: Subtraction doesn’t work, it doesn’t always give you the correct result when comparing Numbers.

JHD: for finite numbers perhaps

WH: For finite numbers it works but if you include infinities it doesn’t.  For finite numbers, you might get an overflow. However, `+Infinity == +Infinity` is true, but `+Infinity - +Infinity` gives you a NaN.

JHD: So yeah, we’d have to handle the infinities and the NaNs, just like all the Math operations in the spec, but the rest of it would be mostly subtraction and that’s the sort of thing we’d have to handle in stage 2.

RPR: Queue is empty

> JHD: Sounds like there is pretty strong opposition against spending committee time exploring generic comparison, but people are roughly okay with addressing the problem of comparing arrays. I am unclear how we can compare arrays without requiring a comparator without also addressing generic comparison of values. But either way it seems like this problem space has even more to talk about even though we’ve been given strong feedback on which parts to focus on and which parts to avoid. So it seems worthy of exploring further in stage 1. Can we have stage 1 for the proposal given that all the strong feedback we’ve received would be weighted highly?

Author: @ljharb Thomas Levy says:

> i think Jordan said the opposite, I know i Meant the opposite. Spaceship operator implies a partial ordering of the values it operates over.

Reviewer: line 514 seems correct to me; can you help me understand the confusion?

Reviewer 2: If anything: _opposition against_ is confusing as a double negative. Maybe this would clear out the whole paragraph?

```suggestion
JHD: Sounds like there is pretty strong opposition to spend committee time exploring generic comparison, but people are roughly okay with addressing the problem of comparing arrays. I am unclear how we can compare arrays without requiring a comparator without also addressing generic comparison of values. But either way it seems like this problem space has even more to talk about even though we’ve been given strong feedback on which parts to focus on and which parts to avoid. So it seems worthy of exploring further in stage 1. Can we have stage 1 for the proposal given that all the strong feedback we’ve received would be weighted highly?
```

Reviewer: sure, "opposition to" is a clearer synonym here.
